what's up ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls pyro stasis here I'm going to show
you guys a quick crafting tutorial on
how crafting works in Diablo 3 now first
off what you're looking for in any town
is this little simple right here the
blacksmith looks like a blacksmith sign
or you've got to the jeweler now this is
going to be a blacksmithing guide will
be covering jewelers later on doors is
basically the same system but with gems
now once you click over here I have a
lot of things that you guys probably
won't but you start off with a couple
recipes and weapons maybe a few an armor
to train you want to click this bottom
button here training it just cost gold
and for every amount of gold you spend
you're going to get several recipes
sometimes two sometimes four sometimes
six I'm sure as you get higher and
higher it just gets lower and lower and
lower
I believe level 5 is the current cap
because that's what the achievement is
but I'm not sure I haven't got enough
money to spend yet anyways once you get
it and you've got your recipes then you
just need to have these that you get
from distant chanting items to
disenchant a magic item you click on
salvage click this item and you click on
a blue or a yellow blues give you subtle
essences yellows give you fallen tooth I
believe occasionally a blue will give
you a fallen tooth but mainly they come
from a Lowe's every yellow you try to
disenchant it's going to give you a
warning pop-up just you know make sure
that you want to get rid of it because
this does destroy the item so you will
not get the item back we are we work in
my group as we go out and we'll salvage
and run all of our stuff and we will
come back to town sell all the whites
and the de whole of the blues if you do
to your blues though you are obviously
going to take a pretty big money hit so
it just kind of depends on if you want
to do this end game or if you want to do
it early anyways you're going to notice
that each of these items have a level
requirement and then a material
requirement so those right here this
adaptive wand only requires 20 of this
do
right a bit of the goo now you're also
going to notice it says 25 base damage
and +3 magic properties the magic
properties will go ahead and make one
and cost me 1,800 all right boom that
finishes now you're going to notice that
this says 30.8 and right over here it's
a twenty five point two it can be up or
down regardless so you can make weapons
that are significantly better than it
says but the level required should
always be the same and you can just eat
basically making these bad boys until
you get the one that you want this one's
even thirty-five that's ridiculous
so you know you can keep making these
this I believe kind of replaces the
gambling system that you had in Diablo 2
it also serves a purpose of keeping
money low because you're going to be
buying and/or not selling your magic
items going to be disenchanting them and
as you can tell it costs quite a bit you
know twenty these it's not a ton of
stuff but it's going to take you a while
now just to show you guys a salvaging
one more time I'm going to go ahead and
drop this one that one's way too good de
as you can see I'm getting like one
subtle essence for each of these blue
items so you can see 22 make one blue
item at my level it's going to take me
20 blue items from random gear so you
can tell it's going to take you a bit
but you know you can see that this item
right here is pretty badass it's a nice
upgrade from what I've got and you can
do this with weapons you can do this
with armor you will occasionally get
yellows it's a nice little system so
anyways hope this guide helped you guys
out if it did please click that like
button make sure you subscribe so you
don't miss out any of my other videos
tips tricks and guides I'll catch you
guys the next clip